Rails3-amf is a Rails 3 plugin that aims to do what RubyAMF did for Rails 2. It
provides extensively customizable ActiveRecord serialization support, simple
configuration, and allows AMF calls to any controller you choose. It uses
RocketAMF for serialization, providing users with a proven AMF0/3 serializer and
deserializer. Because of this, it's also fully Ruby 1.9 compatible out of the
box.


== GETTING STARTED:

To get started with rails3-amf, all you need to do is add the following two
lines to your gemfile. RocketAMF will need to be pulled from git for now, as
there are several necessary updates that have been made to it to allow
rails3-amf to work properly.

  gem 'RocketAMF', :git => 'git://github.com/rubyamf/rocketamf.git'
  gem 'rails3-amf', :git => 'git://github.com/warhammerkid/rails3-amf.git'

Then, make sure that your controller will respond to amf by adding <tt>:amf</tt>
to your respond_to, and you should be all ready to go with an AMF gateway
available at http://your-site.com/amf. ActiveRecord objects will automatically
be serialized with all attributes and no relations, but that can be easilly
adjusted through the standard serialization options for ActiveRecord and
ActiveModel serialization.

  class UserController < ApplicationController
    respond_to :html, :amf
  
    def getUser
      @user = User.first
      respond_with(@user) do |format|
        format.amf { render :amf => @user.to_amf(:except => [:updated_at, :created_at], :include => [:courses]) }
      end
    end
  end


== CONFIGURATION:

Rails3-amf has several configuration options. The gateway path, which defaults
to "/amf" can be changed to anything you choose. You can map method call
arguments by index to named params in your controllers. Finally, there's the
ability to specify flash->ruby class name mappings.

Example:

  config.rails3amf.gateway_path = "/rubyamf/gateway"
  config.rails3amf.class_mapping do |m|
    m.map :as => 'Test::User', :ruby => 'User'
    m.map :as => 'vo.Course', :ruby => 'Course'
  end
  config.rails3amf.map_params :controller => 'UserController', :action => 'getUser', :params => [:session_id]


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Stephen Augenstein

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.